

(groups are like classes)

everything now roles around "teachers", meaning that there is no admin, the teacher manages (crud) his modules, (crud) his groups, etc. here is the new flow:

-teacher creates an account, logs in, once they're logged in, he then adds all the modules (crud) he teaches or could teach. after that he add his groups (crud) => he will then assign what modules he will teach to which groups (we can find more than one group with same name, but they should have a different year).

- students will create an account, log in, they then will be able to enter a teacher's group via a code (generated by the teacher, and expires), that group will be displayed for the students by the name of the teacher, and they can consult what modules will this teacher be teaching them in this group.

- the teacher selects a module and a group (he may have a way to "select all groups of current year") and then adds a workshop.

- students consult their teachers, modules (what modules with each teacher), and what workshops are there in each module. they'll work on the workshop in their own, and once they're done, they can submit what they did.

- for students, when consulting a workshop (of a module taught by a teacher), they have a "submit" option next to that workshop where they can submit (they also have a "submissions" section where they can see their all their workshops submissions, sprints (agile) submissions (with their agile-team) and their PFE submissions (with their PFE-team)).

- for teachers, they can consult what workshops they gave to which groups in which module (groups -> modules -> workshops), they can consult the students (of that specified group) and see their submissions on that specific workshop. (teachers also have a submissions section where they can see workshop, sprints (agile) and PFE submissions (they can filter by group, modules, etc...)).

- teachers have an "Agile" section where they can add sprints (crud), (for a group), consult agile teams of that group, and their submissions (sprints). (he can also manage agile teams, by setting a min and a max agile number for instance)

- the students also have an Agile section where they can consult all their classmates (students of the same group), and form an agile team with them in that specific group. they can consult the sprints (made by the teacher) and submit their work (as a team (agile team)).

-students have a "PFE" section where they can consult all their classmates (students that are in same group as they, in a specific group), form "PFE teams" with them and then they can submit the PFE related stuff (fiche du project, the explanation video link, the project link, etc.) as a team (PFE team).

- teachers also have a PFE section where they can consult PFE teams of a group, and manage these teams (min and max teams numbers), and see PFE teams submissions

- students have an internship (stage) section with they can submit the internship related stuff, and the teacher also have that section where he can consult students submissions.